==========================<br/>
The Story of Proelium<br/>
==========================<br/>
In the closing weeks of my 8th grade year, my friends and I created a small fighting game on index cards. Years later, I tried to bring this game to my mobile phone and I suceeded in creating a viable prototype.<br/> 

There was one major difference between my app and the card game: Instead of playing agaisnt another player, I had a bot opponent. The logic for this was first written in Java, then ported to Javascript. React Native was then used to allow an interface with the scripted game language. <br/>

This small game has stood the test of time. I recently recovered my first smartphone and found that the final build of Proelium was still joyfully playable. I resolve to bring this game from the React-Native on my old android 5 device to a react app generated by reactpy such that it can be launched from a python http server from my current Android device.<br/>

For some time I considered using python to reboot this project; though now I am looking towards React and Typescript hosted through a github static page<br/>

==========================<br/>
Goals:<br/>
==========================<br/>
[ ] React Github Page <br/>
=> https://react.dev/learn/typescript
[ ] Integrate into aws amplify <br/>
[ ] Explore REST API integration <br/>
[ ] Integrate Advanced CSS or Styled Components<br/>
[ ] Rewrite Game Logic in Typescript<br/>
[ ] Refactor menu screens<br/>
[ ] Basic Homescreen<br/>
[x] https://reactpy.dev/docs/guides/creating-interfaces/index.html<br/>
[x] Websocket Test<br/>
[x] Create README<br/>
[x] Move old code into legacy directory<br/>
